Barbie and the Diamond Castle Main Character? Liana
Barbie and the Diamond Castle Side Characters? Alexa (bff), Melody, Ian, Jeremy, Lydia, Slyder, Troll
Barbie and the Diamond Castle sidekick animals? Sparkles and Lily
Barbie and the Diamond Castle Villan? Lydia and Slyder
Barbie and the Diamond Castle Special Items? Magic mirror, heart stones, muses' instruments
Barbie and the Diamond Castle Release Date? September 4, 2008
Barbie and the Magic of Pegasus Main Character? Princess Annika
Barbie and the Magic of Pegasus Side Character? Prince Aidan, Princess Brietta (horse), Queen Rayla, Ferris, rose, blush, lilac,
Barbie and the Magic of Pegasus sidekick animals? shiver (bear),
Barbie and the Magic of Pegasus villan? Wenlock, Ollie the Giant, Troll,
Barbie and the Magic of Pegasus release date? September 18, 2005
Barbie and the Magic of Pegasus important items? Cloud Kingdom, Wand of Light: (measure of courage, ring of love, gen of ice lit by hopes eternal flame)
Barbie and the Three Musketeers Main Character? Corinne
Barbie and the Three Musketeers side character? Viveca, Aramina, Renee, Helene, Louis,
Barbie and the Three Musketeers sidekick animals? Miette (cat), Alexander (horse)
Barbie and the Three Musketeers release date? September 15, 2009
Barbie and the Three Musketeers important items? "all for one, one for all"
Barbie and the Three Musketeers villain? Philippe, Brutus (dog)
Barbie as Rapunzel main character? Barbie(rapunzel)
Barbie as Rapunzel side character? Kelly, Prince Stefan
Barbie as Rapunzel sidekick animal? Hobie, Penelope
Barbie as Rapunzel villan? Gothel, Hugo (dragon)
Barbie as Rapunzel release date? October 1st, 2002
Barbie as Rapunzel important items? magic paintbrush
Barbie as the Island Princess Main Character? Rosella
Barbie as the Island Princess Side Character? Prince Antonio, Princess Luciana, Frazer, King Peter, Queen Danielle,
Barbie as the Island Princess Sidekick animal? Sagi, Azul, Tika, Tallulah
Barbie as the Island Princess villain? Queen Ariana, 3 rats
Barbie as the Island Princess important items? sunset herb (poison)
Barbie as the Island Princess release date? September 28th, 2007
Princess and the Pauper Main Character? Princess Anneliese and Queen Erika
Princess and the Pauper Side Character? prince Julian, King Dominick, Queen Genevieve
Princess and the Pauper Sidekick animal? Wolfie, Serafina, Herve
Princess and the Pauper Villain? Preminger, Nick/Nack, Midas (dog), Madame Carp
Princess and the Pauper important items? the hidden rocks
Princess and the Pauper release date? September 28, 2004
Barbie Fairytopia: Magic of the Rainbow Main character? Elina
Barbie Fairytopia: Magic of the Rainbow Side character? Linden, Azura, Glee
Barbie Fairytopia: Magic of the Rainbow Villan? Laverna, Fungus Maximus,
Barbie Fairytopia: Magic of the Rainbow important items? This is 3rd movie in fairytopia series
Barbie Fairytopia: Magic of the Rainbow release date? March 11, 2007
Barbie Fairytopia: Magic of the Rainbow Sidekick animal? Bibble, Dizzle
Barbie Fairytopia: Mermaidia Main Character? Elina
Barbie Fairytopia: Mermaidia Side Character? Prince Nalu, Nori, Enchantress, Azura
Barbie Fairytopia: Mermaidia Villain? Laverna, Fungus Maximus
Barbie Fairytopia: Mermaidia Sidekick animal? Bibble, Delphine (snail), puffball, merfairies
Barbie Fairytopia: Mermaidia important info? immunity berry,
Barbie Fairytopia: Mermaidia release date? March 5, 2006
12 Dancing Princesses main character? Genevienve
12 Dancing Princesses side character? Derek, Ashlyn, Blair, Courtney, Delia, Edeline, Fallon, Hadley, Isla, Janessa, Kathleen, Lacey, King Randolph
12 Dancing Princesses villain? Dutchess Rowena, Desmond, Brutus
12 Dancing Princesses sidekick animal? twyla, felix
12 Dancing Princesses important info? magic water, wishing flowers
12 Dancing Princesses release date? September 10, 2006
Barbie of Swan Lake main character? Odette
Barbie of Swan Lake side character? Prince Daniel, Fairy Queen
Barbie of Swan Lake sidekick animal? Lila, Carlita, Ivan, Marisa, Liana, Kelly, Jenny
Barbie of Swan Lake villain? Rothbart, Odile
Barbie of Swan Lake important info? magic crystal, book of forest lore
Barbie of Swan Lake release date? September 30, 2003