a true diamond in the rough? Aladdin
this character fell down a rabbit hole? Alice
the evil stepsisters of Cinderella? Anastasia and Drizella
the sister of an ice queen; lover of sandwiches? Anna
the little mermiad? Ariel
the sisters of the red-headed little mermaid? Attina, Alana, Adella, Aquata, Arista, and Adrina
a sophisticated black panther? Bagheera
sings about the bear necessities? Baloo
a young deer who loses his mother? Bambi
Baymax? Big hero 5
falls in love with the beauty? Beast
a Disney princess and book lover? Belle
mouse rescuer in "The Rescuers"? Bernard
fancy mouse rescuer in "The Rescuers"? Bianca
turned Pinocchio into a real boy? Blue Fairy
"fish are friends not food"? Bruce
a flying space cadet? Buzz Lightyear
afraid of a crocodile; Peter Pan's nemesis? Captain Hook
a man with a spirit for adventure? Carl Frederickson
asks Alice, "whooo are youuu"? The Caterpillar
the princess of New Orleans? Charlotte La Bouff
this cat gives Alice and the Queen of Hearts a lot of trouble? Cheshire Cat
Rescue Rangers? Chip and Dale
a cute little teacup? Chip Potts
Cinderella? Girl with glass slipper
Pinocchio's fishy friend? Cleo
a fox who befriends a hunting dog? Copper
Mulan's good luck charm? Cri-Kee
a sea turtle who is 150 years old and still young? Crush
Donald's girlfriend? Daisy Duck
a super with superspeed? Dash
a cool dog without worries from Oliver and Company? Dodger
the sweetest and slowest dwarf? Dopey
a forgetful fishy? Dory
a young ant princess? Dot
a voodoo man from New Orleans? Dr. Facilier
"I have just met you, and I love you."? Dug
a big-eared elephant? Dumbo
"Let it go!"? Elsa
a gyspy who befriended a hunchback? Esmeralda
a star that a firefly fell in love with? Evangaline
she grants Cinderella's wishes? Fairy Godmother
Pinocchio's cat? Figaro the Cat
carries a hammer? Fix-It Felix, Jr.
an ant and an inventor? Flik
Pocahontas's hummingbird friend? Flit
Ariel's best buddy? Flounder
a bandit who steals a crown? Flynn Rider
wants to marry Belle but she refuses? Gaston
gives you three wishes? Genie
Pinocchio's dad? Geppetto
a silly buddy of Mickey? Goofy
a crabby dwarf? Grumpy
the cheerful dwarf? Happy
son of Zeus? Hercules
Donald Duck's nephews? Huey, Dewey, and Louie
evil bird sidekick? Iago
villain from Aladdin? Jafar
a courageous cowgirl? Jesse
hypnotic snake from The Jungle Book? Kaa
kangaroo mother from Winnie the Pooh? Kanga
short little king married to the Queen of Hearts? The King of Hearts
Anna's new-found friend? Kristoff
the emperor with a new groove? Kuzco
a pampered puppy who meets a stray dog? Lady
a little Hawaiian girl with a strange pet? Lilo
a man who was turned into a candelabra? Lumière
throws unbirthday parties; more than slightly cuckoo? Mad Hatter
takes Aladdin for a ride? Magic Carpet
is often asked "who's the fairest"? The Magic Mirror
an evil queen who puts someone in an eternal slumber? Maleficent
a pretty white kitty; a very talented pianist? Marie
a round and green monster with one eye? Mike
this guy started it all? Mickey Mouse
a pretty mouse who often wears red and white polka-dots? Minnie Mouse
"Mother knows best."? Mother Gothel
the man cub? Mowgli
superhero with super strength? Mr. Incredible
formerly known as Elastigirl? Mrs. Incredible
Captain Hook's right-hand man? Mr. Smee
the original king of the Pride Lands? Mufasa
a woman who went into battle for her father? Mulan
a petite dragon who spits fire? Mushu
Simba's girlfriend? Nala
the Darling's nurse-dog? Nana
a cute little clownfish with a little fin? Nemo
a little orange kitten? Oliver
Miss Beavers's favorite Disney character; a cute little green chameleon? Pascal
a dalmatian puppy? Patch
Hercules's flying friend? Pegasus
the mother dalmatian? Perdita
a flying boy who never grew up? Peter Pan
Winnie the Pooh's best friend? Piglet
if he tells a lie, his nose will grow? Pinocchio
Mickey's dog? Pluto
sings about the colors of the wind? Pocahontas
dad to 101 dalmatians? Pongo
Cinderella's prince? Prince Charming
Ariel's prince? Prince Eric
a prince who loves to mess around and have fun? Prince Naveen
defeats Maleficent? Prince Phillip
the princess of Agrabah? Princess Jasmine
"Off with their heads!"? The Queen of Hearts
a baboon that seems to be a bit looney? Rafiki
the sneaky and mean monster? Randal
a princess with feet and feet of blonde hair? Rapunzel
a little insect that falls in love with a bright star? Ray the Firefly
a wilderness explorer? Russell
evil lion who kills his brother? Scar
a red crab who has to chase around after Ariel? Sebastian
a lion who must face his true potential? Simba
a little sea turtle with a lot of personality? Squirt
an alien who pretends to be a dog? Stitch
he holds the all-time scare record? Sulley
the reindeer friend of Kristoff? Sven
a bunny who sometimes speaks before he thinks? Thumper
a young woman with a goal to open a restaurant? Tiana
a mirror cat with a motto? Timon
a sassy pixie? Tinker Bell
a purple sea witch? Ursula
she is not just a glitch? Vanellope von Schweetz
he is always late? White Rabbit
willy nilly silly old bear? Winnie the Pooh
he is the sheriff in town? Woody
he is a bulldozer of sorts? Wreck-It Ralph
she is eventually turned into a kitten? Yzma
Mufasa's assistant? Zazu