What is the name of the wizard school in Harry Potter? Hogwarts
Who is the main character in Breaking Bad? Walter White
What is the highest-grossing movie of all time? Avatar
Who played Jack in Titanic? Leonardo DiCaprio
What is the name of Batman’s secret identity? Bruce Wayne
What color lightsaber do Sith Lords typically use? Red
What is the name of the coffee shop in Friends? Central Perk
What is the name of the villain in The Lion King? Scar
Who is the lead character in The Mandalorian? Din Djarin
What is the name of the talking snowman in Frozen? Olaf
What is the first rule of Fight Club? You do not talk about Fight Club
Which TV show features the character Sheldon Cooper? The Big Bang Theory
What is the name of the kingdom in Game of Thrones where the Iron Throne is located? King’s Landing
In Stranger Things, what is the name of the parallel dimension? The Upside Down
What is the name of the fictional African country in Black Panther? Wakanda
Which TV series is about a chemistry teacher who turns into a drug kingpin? Breaking Bad
What is the name of the house in Encanto? Casita
What famous duo pilots the Millennium Falcon in Star Wars? Han Solo & Chewbacca
Who plays Iron Man in the Marvel Cinematic Universe? Robert Downey Jr.
What kind of creature is Yoda? Jedi Master (or "Yoda's species," officially unnamed)
What Netflix show features a deadly game with red light and green light? Squid Game
In The Simpsons, what is the name of the town they live in? Springfield
What is the name of the high school in Grease? Rydell High
What movie features the quote, “I see dead people”? The Sixth Sense
What is the name of the cursed videotape in The Ring? Samara’s Tape
Who voices Buzz Lightyear in the original Toy Story movies? Tim Allen
What is the name of the hobbit played by Elijah Wood in The Lord of the Rings? Frodo Baggins
Which movie features a killer in a ghost mask? Scream
What is the name of the hotel in The Shining? The Overlook Hotel
What is the name of the pirate played by Johnny Depp in Pirates of the Caribbean? Jack Sparrow
Who played the Joker in The Dark Knight? Heath Ledger
What is the name of the princess in Shrek? Princess Fiona
In The Office, what is the name of the paper company they work for? Dunder Mifflin
What is the real name of Baby Yoda in The Mandalorian? Grogu
What is the name of the main robot in Wall-E? Wall E
What number is on Lightning McQueen in Cars? 95
What is the name of the villain in Aladdin? Jafar
What color is Cinderella’s dress at the ball? Blue
What 90s TV show starred Will Smith as a fictionalized version of himself? The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air
What does the “S” on Superman’s chest stand for? Hope
What is the name of the evil doll in The Conjuring universe? Annabelle
What movie features a theme park with cloned dinosaurs? Jurassic Park
Who plays Wolverine in the X-Men movies? Hugh Jackman
What is the name of the main female character in The Little Mermaid? Ariel
Who is the main villain in Avengers: Infinity War? Thanos
What is the name of the fictional TV show in WandaVision? WandaVision
What song plays during the opening credits of The Lion King? Circle of Life
Who is the captain of the USS Enterprise in Star Trek (original series)? Captain Kirk
What is the name of the clown in It? Pennywise