What channel was You originally aired on before netflix?	Lifetime
Who wrote the books that You is based off of?	Caroline Kepnes wrote "You" and "Hidden Bodies"
What is Beck's email address? (gives it to Joe in the cab after he saves her from the tracks)	beckinreallife@gmail.com
Where is Beck from?	Nantucket, MA
What is Beck's apartment address?	171 Bank St
What is the book that Beck buys he first time at the book store?	Desperate Characters
What school does Beck currently attend?	Attends New York University after graduating from Brown
What is the professor's name that Beck is the TA for?	Paul Leahy (he teaches romantics class)
What is the name of Benji's soda brand?	Home Soda
What is Benji's phone password?	Leanna
After visiting her Dad what is the name of the poem that Beck writes?	"The Ladle"
What type of festival does Beck go to with her dad ("the Captain")?	Charles Dickens Festivals
What is the name of the motel Beck stays at when meeting "the Captain"?	Seaside Motel
Name the books that Joe gives to Paco throughout the season	3 Musketeers
The Count of Monte Cristo
Frankenstein
Don Quixote
Wuthering Heights
Ozma of Oz
What is the name of Peach's dog?	Dalloway
What is Peach's laptop password?	Beckalicious
What is the name of the famous book agent who tries to seduce Beck in his limo?	Roger Stevens
Where does Peach want to fly to with Beck? (she bought them plane tickets already)	Paris, France
What is the book that Joe steals from Peach's house?	Ozma of Oz
Where is the Salinger estate located?	Greenwich, CT
When is Beck's birthday?	December 3rd
What kind of car does Joe drive? (belonged to Mr. Mooney)	Buick Skylark
What do Beck and Joe call their relationship?	Everythingship
When Joe suspects Beck of cheating with her therapist, Dr. Nicky, he schedules appointments. What is the alias he uses, and what is the name of his "boyfriend"?	Paul Brown, his boyfriend is Reynaldo
What is the name of the guy that Candace cheats on Joe with?	Elijah Thornton
What is the name of Beck's book that is published after she is killed?	The Dark Face of Love
How did Joe kill Beck?	Stangled her
How many total people is Joe responsible for killing in both seasons?	Seven
What is the reasoning behind Forty and Love's names?	Their dad loved tennis
What is the name of the storage place Joe keeps his box at?	Lock of Fame Storage
What type of juice does Forty tell Joe to get from Anavrin after taking LSD?	Moon Juice
When Joe goes to Anavrin, high off LSD, what else is he looking for? (they don't carry it)	Hot cheetos
Where does the real Will move to after Joe lets him go?	Manila, Philippines
In Joe's interview at Anavrin, what is the book he pulls out that basically gets him the job?	Crime and Punishment
What finger of Joe's does Jasper Krenn cut off when he doesn't have the $50,000 he is owed?	The tip of his pinky finger
What are the names of Love's three best friends?	Lucy, Sunshine, Gabe
What are Love and Forty's parent's names?	Dottie and Ray Quinn
What is the name of the Au pair that Love kills to "protect" Forty?	Sofia
What is Candace's alias in Season 2?	Amy Adams
What was the name of the improv group Joe goes to see?	Trigger Warning
What is the name of the weekend retreat that the Quinn family have?	Wellkend
What is the nickname that Forty calls Joe?	Old Sport
What is the gate code to get into Hendy's house party?	Dicks
After breaking up with Joe, what is the name of the guy Love rebounds with?	Milo
What is the name of the police officer that shoots and kills Forty in the end?	David Fincher
How long does Joe last in bed the first time having intercourse with Beck?	8 seconds